Congratulations, you have completed the course.
A deep dive into phishing. In
this course, you have learned attackers
leverage demographics, behavior patterns, and personal
information online to tailor phishing campaigns.
Phishers craft emails with familiar looking addresses,
compelling subject lines, and persuasive content, often
including logos and branding, to deceive recipients.
A web address typically comprises a name followed
by a period and extension (.com or .org), with the
domain situated just before the initial single slash.
The period separates the name and is not
part of it, while other punctuation marks, like
dashes(-) may be included in the name.
Always scrutinize emails and websites for legitimacy.
Avoid clicking suspicious links, and
stay informed about current threats.
To strengthen cybersecurity defenses, reporting
phishing attempts is crucial.
It protects you and helps combat cybercrime
by alerting authorities, potentially preventing others from
falling victim to similar tactics.